-(birds calling)
-(insects trilling)
HARRY TURNER (whispering):
It's a squirrel.
That squirrel's gonna go...
Get it. Get it.
Get it.
It's a squirrel.
Go. Go.
♪ ♪
(growling softly)
(panting)
(sniffing)
♪ ♪
(growls softly)
(growling)
(growling softly)
Don't play with it.
I'm gonna get it. I'm gonna get it.
(growling)
Eat it.
(growls viciously)
We're wild animals, me and you.
We're wild.
(growling)
-(tapping)
-Come here.
Come here.
(groaning)
(chuckling)
Okay, piggyback.
The reintroduction was always
for one reason.
That was to put a wildcat
back into the wild again.
But it's just hard.
It's hard to let go of something you love.
Especially when you're
letting him go into, like,
one of the most dangerous environments
in the world.
(bird calls in distance)
♪ ♪
(faint, distorted gunfire)
(shotgun fires)
(heavy gunfire)
(yelling)
REPORTER:
Private Harry Turner is just 18,
one of the youngest soldiers here.
He only finished training in March
and is now on a six-month tour.
HARRY:
My mum was a little bit, like,
shocked because she thought
I was only going to be out here
for two weeks, but nah, my mum, dad,
they're all supportive about it.
(heavy gunfire)
(indistinct shouting)
I was medically discharged
with recurrent depression and PTSD.
After Afghanistan, I struggled so badly.
I felt that life wasn't worth living
and maybe I should just pack up
all of my things
and just go where no one knows where I am,
no one knows if I'm alive,
no one knows if I'm dead.
(quiet chatter)
(child coughing)
And then when I met Sam,
that's when my life really took a turn.
(indistinct chatter)
SAMANTHA ZWICKER:
You know, when I came across Harry,
he was extremely misunderstood.
This, you know, boy who went to war
instead of going to college,
which is what a lot of people see
when they look at him.
But I obviously saw something
super special in him.
He spent his time in the jungle
volunteering and helping me
with, like, this greater cause.
Just carrying a sloth on my back
through the jungle.
Gonna get him back, give him some food,
put him back up a tree.
Sam could've easily stayed at home
and just studied at university.
You know, the usual.
But she was out there in the jungle,
physically doing it.
SAMANTHA: I started Hoja Nueva
after I first came to Peru.
(birds screeching)
I came as a student
to do wildlife research.
Yeah, look how big these are.
Huge ocelot.
Poop, poop, poop, poop.
And I stayed because I saw a need
not just for research but for being a part
of the conservation efforts as a whole.
I'm saying I'm going to pay five dollars
per sample collected of cat scat.
Now, that is how you motivate people.
Right? Am I right? (laughs)
(speaking Spanish)
And it's just morphed
and-and grown a lot since then.
NIERY:
We as an NGO
try very hard to prevent deforestation
and hunting.
SAMANTHA: It's a Peruvian nonprofit,
and it's a place that
animals that don't have another chance
can come to.
SAMANTHA:
Hi!
Hi! Hi!
Hi, I'm Samantha. I'm good, you?
Nice to meet you.
You have a family of animals.
I like it a lot.
It's like my family. (laughing)
I think it will take time
to be wild again,
but little by little he can.
Let's see.
Banana. (gasps)
Yeah? Okay.
-(mutters) It's okay.
-(squeals)
SAMANTHA: We get animals
because of things like logging, mining,
wildlife trafficking,
people selling animals in markets.
And we have to do what we can
to get the younger animals rehabilitated.
(speaking Spanish)
Their alternative is living
in a cement box
or getting euthanized
or dying in a much worse way.
Billy!
They live, basically, in larger herds
on the other side of the river from us,
but we're still gonna try
to reintroduce him
because pigs are quite easy in that way.
He never had a mama. You can tell.
You can always tell
when they've never had a mama.
He's a baby.
Baby paca-rana.
What are you doing?
SAMANTHA:
It's hard to describe, like,
the feeling of being in a place
that still has beauty like this.
-(laughing)
-(muttering)
Being around animals, being around nature,
not having that many people around.
Harry, what you looking at?
-Oh, you got a leaf in your hair.
-Oh.
SAMANTHA:
Oh, my God! (laughs)
I've seen the jungle here change people.
♪ ♪
(laughs)
(laughter)
Whoa!
(laughing):
Harry, no.
-(squeals) Oh, my God!
-(laughter)
Three, two, one.
(whoops, laughs)
♪ ♪
HARRY:
We became, you know, a team,
best friends and partners,
and when Khan came into our hands,
that's when my life really had a purpose.
Yesterday we rescued him
from some illegal loggers.
He was in a tree that they cut down.
We've named him Khan.
We're gonna try and do
a reintroduction program with him.
It was an incredible feeling to know
that this animal wasn't gonna be
going onto the black market,
to know that its claws
weren't gonna be clipped
or its teeth weren't gonna be ground down.
No more biting of the face.
(groaning)
SAMANTHA:
Good baby. Good baby!
HARRY:
Khan. (clicking tongue)
-SAMANTHA: You want to go to Daddy?
-HARRY: Khan. (clicking tongue)
(Samantha laughing)
-HARRY: Good boy.
-SAMANTHA: You got it.
(growls playfully)
(Khan growls softly)
SAMANTHA: The goal was always
that Khan would be a wild ocelot.
That it was better
than living a life in the zoo.
HARRY:
Good boy.
SAMANTHA:
I started doing all the research possible
to come up with a reintroduction plan.
(growls)
HARRY:
Come join Mummy up in the tree.
Good boy.
SAMANTHA:
The biggest kind of challenge was
no one had done it before.
They've never actively spent time
with a wildcat for a year,
a year and a half, two years,
and then reintroduced it.
It's just never been done.
Mosquitoes are bad tonight,
as you can tell.
But I just found this little dude.
Khan.
He's here. (hisses playfully)
(rodent squeaking)
Where is it?
Did you lose it?
Right, when you get something,
you have to kill it.
You have to.
Otherwise, you're gonna die out here.
I didn't know if it was gonna be doable,
but Sam had a lot of faith in me.
SAMANTHA: I don't think there's anyone
that's better-suited for this project.
It doesn't matter if you come
from an academic background
or you have a master's or a PhD.
Most people couldn't survive here.
A lot of people come down
and do research projects
that last three months
and can't even usually last that long,
living day-to-day
in the Amazon rain forest.
So, Harry's history and experience
with being in harsh environments,
it makes him suited for this project.
He can smell something.
(Khan growls)
I'm gonna have to teach Khan
that this caiman here can be food.
It's moving.
Okay.
Khan got bitten by him,
so now he's a bit scared of...
He doesn't know what to do.
Khan, you've got to grab the neck.
I've got him.
Good boy.
Good boy. Good boy.
I'd like to say a huge thank-you
for the amount of support that we've had
through the Khan ReWilding project.
Um, we would not be able to do this
without you at all,
and he is growing up very, very quickly.
He's getting very, very boisterous.
And soon,
hopefully, he'll be off
in the wild by himself.
(growling softly)
Look how fat this little bugger is.
Look at your belly!
(laughing)
It really just makes me think,
"You're okay, you know?
"This... this world that you live in is...
isn't so bad after all."
(growling playfully)
He's saving me, and I'm saving him.
-Good boy.
-SAMANTHA: Khan.
(Samantha growling playfully)
Okay.
Ow! That's my ear.
These claws there...
fucking size of them go into you.
Ow. Fucking hell.
He clawed me straight in the fucking face.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah! The ear.
Ah, shit.
I'm recording this so that...
No, that's my hat.
Because, when I miss you,
when I'm back in England,
I can look back on this video
and think what a little shit he was.
(insects trilling)
Khan, where are you?
-(gunshot)
-Shit!
(grunting)
(Khan growling)
Hi. Hi.
You're okay.
Come here.
(crying):
My poor boy.
My poor boy is so fucked.
His fucking front paw's hanging off.
(sniffles) It's okay, boy.
(growls)
The vets are on their way.
I was walking with Khan.
There was a gun which has a bit of string
that triggers it
when something walks in front of it
that hunters put out.
Shot him in the front leg.
I'm trying to keep positive,
but I'm so fucking angry and sad
at the same time.
And in my head, I keep thinking,
"Right, he's gonna be okay,
he's gonna be okay."
(sobs)
I don't know what to do.
♪ ♪
(shovel digging)
(crying)
♪ ♪
(slicing)
SAMANTHA:
When Khan died, he became closed off.
He told me that he would
never find the capacity
to love anything again
the way that he loved Khan.
♪ ♪
(growling softly)
(chuckles)
(laughing)
(muttering)
SAMANTHA: Yeah.
He used to write letters all the time.
I don't think I would go a day without,
like, coming back and having, like,
a poem or a letter,
like, waiting on my bed.
(sighs)
I think that Khan's death
kind of killed any happiness
that he had built up
over the two years before that.
He's a totally different person now.
(sniffles)
(crying):
It took me, like...
...a good two hours to get out of bed.
SAMANTHA:
It only kind of slowly occurred to me
that there was, like,
a much deeper darkness.
And that was what worried me the most--
that Harry would react in a way
that would be harmful to himself.
-(chitters)
-(engines buzzing)
(rooster crows)
SAMANTHA:
We just got a message on the sat phone
from a friend in the community of Lucerna.
They're holding a baby ocelot
that they've gotten
from some loggers passing downriver.
This will be the... the first time that
this kind of call has come in since Khan.
(engine rumbling)
Hello.
(purring)
(yowls softly)
(Harry crying)
HARRY:
Thank you. (sniffles)
Thank you.
(device beeping)
(growling)
1.64 pounds.
SAMANTHA: All right, he can get a full
.5 milliliters of both of these, so...
(yowling)
Ooh.
-SAMANTHA (chuckles): Hey.
-(yowling)
(mutters, chuckles)
This little dude is Keanu,
and... (chuckles)
he is our second ocelot rescue.
(yowls)
He will be reintroduced into the wild
in about a year and a half,
and he will be a very aggressive wildcat.
Because of what happened to Khan,
we are planning on moving Keanu.
Moving him to, um, a larger,
safer, more remote area.
♪ ♪
Great.
Tres, dos, uno.
(grunting)
(insects buzzing)
(hammering)
(hammering continues)
(birds chirping)
HARRY:
This is where I'm gonna live from now on.
This is me, this is permanent,
and I'm gonna be here until, um...
until Keanu leaves.
(birds calling)
This is your new home.
Let's see how you like it.
Eh?
Don't give up. Don't give up.
(meows)
I gotcha. I gotcha.
Want some milk?
(sighs)
I know that my life's gonna get
very hard in the next few months
with him growing big and strong,
and...
I just hope I can be strong
for him, you know?
(sighs)
Where is he?
There he is.
♪ ♪
Hey, Keanu.
Let's go on a walk.
Come on, let's go.
♪ ♪
I feel like...
the Keanu project is gonna be a success
because of Khan.
-(growling softly)
-Everything that I'd learned with Khan
is now gonna be put into action
with Keanu.
But, then again, Keanu is a different cat.
(Harry laughs)
(growls)
(Harry groans)
You just farted.
I love you so much, but you stink.
Such a little kitten still,
running through the jungle
and, like, attacking leaves and stuff.
I can't wait to see him when he's...
when he's about three months older,
when he's just stalking animals.
It's gonna be great.
Mm-hmm.
-Big male ocelot.
-Oh, shit.
That's a big male.
Look at the fucking size
of his front arms.
Look at the size of his balls.
-Holy crap.
-(Samantha chuckles)
He's gonna be a problem.
SAMANTHA:
We know that breeding programs
and then setting a bunch of cats free
in the jungle does not work.
So, if this is successful
and Keanu survives,
I think that people will gain that respect
for us as carnivore scientists,
as people who work directly
with carnivores,
that we'll hopefully be
the first people that they call,
that they think of,
when they capture that kind of animal.
SAMANTHA (whispering):
It's okay now. Come on over.
DANTE:
Do you have a protocol?
Yes.
We had to make one
because there wasn't one before.
There wasn't one.
He likes to walk a lot,
so he walks with Keanu two or three times
every day and night.
He walks at night?
Yes, they walk like seven hours
every day and night.
And he doesn't get away?
No, no, because he likes to learn
from Harry
and he's comfortable with Harry.
Should we go back?
-Let's go.
-Yeah.
I grew up thinking
I was gonna study wolves
and get a PhD in wolf ecology
and protect all the wolves
in the United States.
And then you slowly realize that,
I mean, there's very little
that can be done
because of, you know, politics
and everything else,
whereas I, as, like, an individual,
actually had some power
to contribute to change here.
¡Hola!
-GIRL: Samantha!
-Yes?
Lola, Neron, and Bobby have fleas.
SAMANTHA:
So you use this for fleas.
You put it on their backs.
Thank you, Sam.
-Oh, look.
-A kitten!
His eye is a little infected,
so you have to clean it with warm water.
Nowadays, I don't see you anymore.
What's happening in your life?
I have to travel frequently
to the States now
because I just have one year left
to finish my doctorate.
And they're like,
"Samantha, you have to write,
you can't spend all your time in Peru."
(laughter)
I've got my PhD
that I'm trying to finish this year,
which my advisory committee really
wants me to be in Seattle full-time,
and so it's just, I think I'm being pulled
from a lot of different directions,
and I just feel bad that I can't be here
all the time this year.
(insects trilling)
HARRY:
Is that how long could you hold that for?
-SAMANTHA: Hmm?
-HARRY: I thought we was doing
the "how long can we hold that kiss for?"
SAMANTHA:
Oh.
-HARRY: Four seconds.
-(laughter)
(laughing)
♪ ♪
SAMANTHA:
Hmm?
HARRY:
Let me know when you get to America, okay?
SAMANTHA:
Mm-hmm.
-HARRY: Take it easy.
-SAMANTHA: Mm-hmm.
♪ ♪
(birds calling)
(whistling a tune)
(humming)
(hip-hop playing)
HARRY:
Look what I've got you.
Hey, this.
This.
This is good food, good protein.
(growling softly)
He's getting big.
He's getting beautiful.
And, uh, yeah,
hopefully in the next month or so,
I'm gonna start taking him out
so he can start eating
outside the enclosure
and, uh, catch some cool animals.
I'm gonna teach you
how to become a killer.
Okay?
(snake hisses)
Amazon tree boa.
Remember this. Common snake.
This is the snake.
You see it? You smell it?
I've got it.
Look here.
This insect here.
Here. (chuckles)
Look.
There's a frog right there.
Frog, right there.
(laughs)
♪ ♪
I just did all my washing.
Because the sun was out.
Hey, Keanu.
This way. Come on.
This way.
You know what lives in the water? Hmm?
-You know what lives in the water? Caiman.
-(growls softly)
And one day, I'm gonna teach you
how to kill a caiman.
I'm trying to teach Keanu that...
he can fucking eat this, you know?
And he's just playing--
like, I don't understand what…
You grab it by the head.
That's what you do-- you grab it.
What is it?
(laughs)
What are you doing?
It's food.
I made such a mess of everything.
You were just a happy kid.
I guess I fixed that, huh?
(insects buzzing)
HARRY:
The sweat bees are attacking our faces.
(sighs) Just absolutely covered.
(sighs)
He's now been playing
with this dead mouse opossum
for like 25 minutes now, and...
the mosquitoes have...
they're driving me a little bit insane.
Eat it. Eat it.
Just eat your rodent.
My body is beaten right now.
(groans)
I'm-I'm sick constantly.
(passes gas)
(laughing):
Oh, that might have been poo.
Oh, no. I think I pooped myself.
(grunts)
(retching)
And I still have months ahead of me.
Keanu, come here.
We need to go back
'cause Harry doesn't feel great.
(sniffles)
Hey, come on.
No, no, don't lay in it.
Follow me. Good boy.
(sniffles)
I've not seen my little brother
in 15 months.
I don't even know how tall he is anymore.
Don't even know what size shoe he is.
Like, I-I can be like,
"Oh, yeah, I'm doing these great things,"
and I'm in the jungle, but...
I'm also missing out on everything,
missing out on all my friends'
and family's lives.
SAMANTHA:
Based on, like, all of my notes
and some habitat data,
I did the road kind of versus trail and...
Larger predators like cats provide
stabilizing functions within ecosystems.
We know they increase biodiversity.
The proceeds from tonight are benefiting
Hoja and the work that we do.
My name is Samantha Zwicker.
I am the founder of Hoja Nueva.
What brought me to the Amazon
was wildlife.
I've always been inspired,
felt connected to wildlife, wild animals.
I think when I made this,
I mean, of course, I loved all animals,
and I had an affinity for cat species,
but at that point, I didn't know
that I wanted to work in conservation.
I loved biology. I thought I was gonna be
-a biologist or a zoologist.
-(meows)
What?
-When I'm around animals, I feel like...
-I love you.
...I can actually be myself and be happy,
whereas being in my family,
I was kind of always on pins and needles
about, like, what was gonna happen
that night.
HEIDI ZWICKER:
Sammy gonna love Harley?
Give Harley a kiss?
-(Samantha barking)
-(Harley moans)
SAMANTHA: I think growing up,
I just had s-such a connection
to each of the animals that I had
that made me trust them more
than I trusted other people in my life.
-Are you recording?
-HEIDI: Uh-huh.
-BRUCE ZWICKER: Sammy?
-Mom, what's this?
BRUCE:
Sammy.
Mees!
What?
Can you say, "I love you, Daddy"?
(quietly):
I love you, Daddy.
-BRUCE: Sammy.
-What?
Say, "I love you, Daddy."
I love you, Daddy.
BRUCE:
You better.
SAMANTHA:
Growing up, going to dinner was
such a horrible experience with my dad,
whether it was, like, him throwing things,
you know, like,
hitting me across the table
or, you know, like, just, like,
horrible experiences,
something so simple
as going to dinner with your family.
YOUNG SAMANTHA:
Come on!
SAMANTHA: Alcoholism makes people say
and do really horrible things.
Hey.
SAMANTHA: We would actually play a game
of, like, counting my dad's shots,
and he always landed around 27 a night.
But... (sighs)
he was also one of
the most kind of playful dads.
Like, a lot of, like, wrestling games.
He always spent a lot of time with us.
(gasps) Look at that top!
Oh, my gosh!
Oh, no, look! No, look at that!
SAMANTHA:
I was scared of him, but at the same time,
I knew it wasn't him, if that makes sense.
Like, from a really young age,
like, I-I could separate
the person that he was when he was drunk
from the person that he really was.
-(roars playfully)
-(laughing)
BRUCE:
There she is, the woman of my dreams.
SAMANTHA:
But my mom and I have this, like...
we have the same, like, tick--
like, this, like, thing
that keeps telling us
to, like, not give up on someone,
because there is that small chance
that what you're doing
is making a difference.
And... (sniffles)
(crying):
And, yeah, I mean, that's the last thing
that my dad ever said to me was:
"Thank you for not giving up on me."
♪ ♪
(birds calling)
(line ringing)
-SAMANTHA (over phone): Hello?
-Hi.
Are you okay? What's going on, Harry?
(crying):
I don't know.
I'm just... I'm just struggling.
(Samantha speaking indistinctly
through static)
You still think you'll be here
Friday or Saturday?
Harry, you cut out.
I'm here. Can you hear me?
(phone beeps)
HARRY:
When I was in Afghanistan,
I had to stop this person
from going to bury his child.
And when I lifted up that blanket
and I saw that little girl's hand
that was just full of blood...
...and then there's my hands, right?
I lifted that blanket up,
and I had my gloves on,
and I had a gun, and I had...
grenades and everything on me.
And then that poor innocent child
was on that bike,
and it's like...
I have no right to be here.
It occurred to me today
that no matter where I am,
who I'm with, what I'm doing,
I'm always gonna have
this fucking problem up here.
(crying): I'm in the most beautiful place
in the world,
and I can't fucking be happy.
(child shouting playfully in distance)
(indistinct chatter)
CHILD:
Samantha! Samantha!
-HARRY: I missed you.
-SAMANTHA: I missed you, too.
(engine starts)
(indistinct chatter)
(chuckles):
Yeah.
(indistinct chatter)
HARRY:
Mum, wake up.
Mum, I'm gonna scratch my butt
on your face.
Wake up.
Mum, wake up.
(chittering)
Okay. I'm already awake, Max.
♪ ♪
(indistinct chatter)
HARRY:
Kiki?
Mum's here.
SAMANTHA:
Is that my boy? Is that my boy?
(gasps) Are you bigger?
Coming back now,
seeing how large he is and how, like,
confident and how he's, like,
slightly standoffish, you know,
we want him to get to the point
where he doesn't want to see me,
he doesn't want to know me, he doesn't
want to have a connection with me.
(growling)
HARRY:
He's becoming so independent
that it's best that
the-the relationship that he has
is just with a single person, which is me.
We have to make that,
like, line that says,
"Okay, you only can trust
this one person,"
because he needs to realize
that people are dangerous.
SAMANTHA: He had this way already
of communicating with Keanu
and teaching him, and you could just see
that relationship of mother and son.
(Harry growls playfully)
HARRY:
Keanu. (clicks tongue)
Come here.
Good boy. How you doing?
Are you hungry?
(Keanu cries softly)
You're hungry, aren't you?
That's okay. We'll get some food, huh?
Let's go get some rodents. Come on.
Let's go do it.
Don't bite me, all right?
Just pissed on me.
That's great.
Come on, Keanu.
Got to be quicker than that, mate.
Hey!
Keanu, right there.
Keanu.
Keanu almost just caught his first rodent.
He ran after it,
but he didn't manage to get it.
He was so close, though.
(Keanu growling viciously)
He caught his first rodent.
He caught his first rodent!
I'm so happy. I'm so happy.
Mmm, tasty?
(growling softly)
Good boy. I'm proud of you.
I love you.
-Ooh, ooh. Thank you for that kiss.
-(purring)
All right, we'll go back.
Try to find some food on the way.
You looking? I am.
Keanu, that's a wandering spider.
Jesus.
No, that-that's dangerous.
That's a wandering spider.
You see the threat of
that wandering spider there?
That's dangerous, dude.
You okay? Did he get you on the nose?
Keanu.
Hey.
You okay?
Keanu?
Talk to me.
-Are you okay?
-(growls softly)
It's okay. It's okay.
I've got to go get Mummy, okay?
I've got to go get Mummy.
Fuck's sake.
I'll be back.
Give me two seconds, okay?
(sighs)
Fuck me.
♪ ♪
SAMANTHA: Keanu was bit
by a Brazilian wandering spider,
and he had partial... partial paralysis
and, um, slowed breathing,
and, um, his heart rate started going up
really, really fast.
Um, and after about
an hour and a half now,
he's starting to get a little bit better.
Um, definitely the biggest scare
that we've had
since starting this project.
HARRY:
You doing better, eh?
Hey. I know, it still hurts.
SAMANTHA: I feel like he's putting so much
on this project with Keanu
that it's almost like his redemption.
And part of me is like...
of course, I-I mean,
I want Keanu to be successful
for so many reasons,
but one of the main reasons
I want him to be successful is because
I want Harry to finally
be able to move on.
(distant gunshot)
(Harry sighs)
Last night, I heard a gunshot.
Tonight, I've heard a gunshot.
(sighs) I need to find out who it is.
I need to find out where they're hunting.
I need to find out what they're hunting.
I hate gunshots now.
(groans)
A shotgun, for sure.
We still know that people hunt
with illegal shotgun traps.
There are still all of these things that,
after what happened to Khan,
deeply scare us even more now.
And it's really difficult working
in an unprotected area.
This region is known for deforestation
from logging practices,
about 89% which are illegal.
-Hear the chain saw clearer now?
-(chain saw buzzing in distance)
That's extremely close to our border.
(chain saw continues)
(chain saw stops)
I heard the chain saw,
and I come up here-- chain saw stops.
This is what you'll find all around here.
Just full of shotgun shells.
(chain saw buzzing)
(Samantha speaking Spanish)
SAMANTHA: We came across
a group of guys cutting the tree.
You know, told them that they were
on our land and they needed to leave.
But it was too late, obviously.
This is a almost 1,000-year-old lupuna
that was already cut.
The quickest way for someone
to make money here
is usually mining or-or logging.
And so you can't really point fingers
at the people who are actively cutting,
because they aren't usually
the ones that are involved
in all these international dealings.
There are so many challenges
that you face in conservation,
and this is one of them.
♪ ♪
I can still hear that chain saw
in the west.
(chain saw buzzing)
Fuck, I can hear
that chain saw getting louder.
I'm having to put him back,
even though he does not want it,
because this is more important.
(chain saw buzzing loudly)
I'll be back. We'll go on a walk tonight.
(grunts softly)
(chain saw continues buzzing)
I don't know.
I have no idea where
this chain saw's coming from.
I feel so...
I can't even explain it.
(sniffles)
I just feel like I'm not in control
of my own self right now.
I can't control my anger
or my hate or my...
I can't control anything right now.
(sniffles)
I kind of just want to cut myself.
(birds calling)
♪ ♪
SAMANTHA:
He genuinely believes that cutting himself
and, like, seeing blood, feeling the pain
and, like, the tingling, as he calls it,
he genuinely feels that that helps him
to get over a panic attack.
Um, or to get over his rage.
And for me,
I-I have a worry about, like,
how much worse it could've gotten
if he didn't calm down.
HARRY: After Afghanistan,
I was in such a bad place,
I didn't really think about
what I was doing,
and I tried to kill myself in my bedroom.
Yeah, and-and I woke up,
and I just felt ridiculous.
I didn't want my little brother
to find his older brother dead.
WOMAN:
Say hello, Jayden.
-YOUNG HARRY: Hello, Jayden.
-WOMAN: Hello!
HARRY: When I was 13,
my brother came into the picture.
YOUNG HARRY:
Big, strong tiger.
HARRY:
And he really changed my life.
I really, you know,
wanted him to look up to me,
and I really wanted to take care of him.
It's Harry Potter
and the Half-Blood Prince!
-(laughter)
-Look.
-Wow!
-HARRY: Are you happy?
Yeah? Good.
I did not want my little brother to...
to see his brother in pain anymore.
And that's why I booked
a flight to the jungle.
I was just pissed off and wanted to...
just wanted to, like, feel some pain.
I hardly bled. I didn't want to bleed.
I didn't want to cut myself deeply.
You're clearly just like...
disappointed in me.
I'm not disappointed, Harry.
You just worry me.
(lively chatter)
SAMANTHA: Lidia!
I'm going to leave this bottle of wine.
It's for Harry's parents.
They're coming for the first time
tomorrow.
They are going to come with his brother.
He's thirteen.
-Are they coming tomorrow?
-They're coming tomorrow.
Okay, perfect. Thank you.
See you tomorrow.
(birds whistling)
HARRY:
For a year and a half,
I've only heard their voices
on the satellite phone.
And that's like once a month.
SAMANTHA: What do you think
it's gonna be like when you see them?
(chuckles)
(laughter, indistinct chatter)
♪ ♪
It's gonna be really nice.
MARK TURNER:
This is probably the furthest we've ever
-been away from civilization.
-COLETTE TURNER (chuckles): Definitely.
(laughter)
HARRY: Bet it's gonna be great
when my little brother
can see an anaconda.
He loves insects as well, so I caught
a massive tarantula the other day,
and I... all I could think about
was how, like...
how Jayden would just love it.
(excited chatter, gasping)
JAYDEN:
Harry!
-MARK: Mum wants first hug.
-JAYDEN: Mum gets first hug.
(laughter)
JAYDEN:
I call seconds!
-How you doing?
-I'm good. How are you?
-Oh, I'm all right.
-(sighs)
MARK:
Jesus, Harry, I'm so impressed.
(laughing)
12 years in the Navy,
I've never seen driving like his.
-HARRY: Here.
-MARK: Okay.
So, we've got the master bedroom?
-SAMANTHA: Yes, you do.
-Is that right?
At least we've got walls.
A little bit of privacy.
SAMANTHA: Right here,
if you're going to the bathroom
and you don't want anyone else to join,
-you can just put this little...
-MARK: Oh!
-...string up right here.
-COLETTE: Okay.
MARK:
Oh, fucking hell.
HARRY:
Oh, Jay, I made you a fishing rod.
-Thank you.
-And a machete.
Wait, what do you mean, made me a machete?
Well, it was broken,
so I made it into a mini machete.
-That's huge!
-What do you mean, "that's huge"?
It was this long, and it was snapped off,
so then I decided to chip it off
with a hammer
and then make a little machete for you.
Thank you.
(indistinct chatter)
HARRY:
All right, okay.
I need to walk Keanu,
and you're probably gonna go to bed.
Um, don't know when I'll come back,
so good night.
I've come to give you some food
so that tomorrow
we can go out and get some videos
so I can show my family.
My family are here.
Your grandparents are here!
(footsteps splashing)
There's a big caiman here, dude.
Could be dangerous.
Uh-uh-uh-uh-uh. Uh-uh-uh-uh-uh.
No. No.
Uh-uh. No.
Don't do it. Do not do it.
(exclaims) Fucking hell.
(exhales heavily)
Holy shit, I'm shaking.
You doing okay, man?
You okay?
(laughs)
(laughing):
You scared the shit out of me.
You scared the shit right out of me.
(sighs heavily)
(birds calling)
HARRY: So, what do your friends think
about you coming out here?
(laughs)
They've started calling me Mowgli.
-Mowgli?
-(laughs)
-You haven't got the hair for it.
-I know.
(both laugh)
They jealous?
No, not really.
They're like,
"Why would you want to go to a place
"with no, um, Internet, no nothing?
I'd rather just go to Florida." (laughs)
-HARRY: That bloody generation, huh?
-JAYDEN: Yeah.
Did you bring your iPhone?
-No.
-You left it.
-I brought an iPod
so I could listen to music. -Mm.
You hear what that... you hear that...
(makes whooshing sound)
-That was a hummingbird.
-(chuckles)
They, like, fly through the house.
(makes whooshing sound, mutters)
-What's that?
-Termite nest, yeah.
Tree termites. (laughs)
There's termites everywhere.
We had to put diesel in this platform
because the termites come up
and try to eat everything.
What are these?
-Scars?
-Yeah.
These ones up here, all these cuts
from up here are from Keanu.
This, like, blotch here and, like, here
is where I got burnt by the acid.
Oh, acid? Did that heal all right, did it?
Yeah, it healed all right.
I had one bit that was in my hand,
which was... got infected, but...
And how'd you get those ones, the stripes?
Um, some were from Keanu
and some were from myself.
-Hmm.
-Painful?
Yeah.
Um, so I-I didn't know
whether you guys wanted to go fishing.
-Do you want to go fishing, Jay?
-Yeah.
Okay. Cool.
(indistinct chatter)
-(chuckles)
-MARK: Oh, my God! (laughs)
HARRY:
Go. Go, go, go.
Ah, we're gonna crash! (laughing)
(lively chatter)
HARRY:
See? Perfect.
♪ ♪
HARRY:
That's definitely Jayden's dinner.
So, hold the fin like that.
(indistinct chatter)
-You think you're gonna be all right?
-Oh. Yeah.
-(splash)
-(laughing)
-What?
-I'm sinking!
Do it. Dive in!
No!
(laughter)
HARRY:
All right.
-COLETTE: My God.
-JAYDEN: Oh, my God.
Wow.
MARK:
Oh, my God, I tell you what,
Disneyland's never gonna
be the same again, is it?
♪ ♪
JAYDEN:
Whoo!
HARRY:
Amazing bugs in this part of the world.
Wait, that's a praying mantis. (gasps)
I haven't even seen
a praying mantis at a pet shop.
HARRY:
Really?
(gasps) Oh, my God.
(laughs)
-Is it a vicious one?
-HARRY: No.
It's called a bluntheaded tree snake.
JAYDEN: Okay, this is officially
the coolest day of my life.
♪ ♪
Oh, look at that.
-JAYDEN: Hey.
-SAMANTHA: How'd it go?
-JAYDEN: We saw nothing.
-HARRY: Zero.
JAYDEN:
The only things we saw
were, um, two different types of snake,
-four different types of tarantulas...
-MARK: What? What?
...a frog, a whip scorpion. (laughs)
MARK:
Did you have the best time ever?
(indistinct chatter, laughter)
Oh, here. Look at this, right?
-What is it?
-It's a tarantula.
HARRY (laughing): He... he grabbed it
and went like this and threw it on me.
(laughter)
HARRY: I'm sad that you're
going to be leaving tomorrow.
JAYDEN:
I'm sad I'm gonna be leaving.
The best holiday of my life.
(Jayden squealing, shouting indistinctly)
Go on.
-(whoops, laughs)
-(others laughing)
♪ ♪
(laughs)
You guys are gonna be heading soon, so...
Lovely seeing you again, mate.
JAYDEN:
Good to see you.
-I love you, man.
-I love you.
-Take it easy.
-Uh-huh.
All right. I love you.
Mwah.
I'm really proud of you.
-I'm glad you enjoyed it.
-I've really enjoyed it.
-HARRY: Yeah.
-COLETTE: It's been brilliant.
I've been really impressed
with what you've achieved.
It's an amazing story.
Oh. Thanks, Jay.
-I'll see you soon, okay? Yeah.
-See you soon. Yeah.
Um, can I ask one thing, though?
When I come back,
can you make chicken pie for me?
-'Cause that's all I crave.
-Of course I can.
-(laughing): That's all I crave.
-Of course.
The funny thing is
I cut these onions and garlics,
and my fingers smell
like your chicken pie.
And I walk around the jungle
with my light next to my face
just thinking about your chicken pie
all the time.
Don't get upset.
I'll see you soon, all right?
-I love you lots.
-Love you, too.
You take care of you.
Of course.
SAMANTHA:
No crying. You make me cry.
-(Samantha laughing)
-I wasn't...
I wasn't going to.
You guys coming made him so happy.
I got it from here. Don't worry.
HARRY: You enjoy your, uh,
next week ahead of you.
Adios.
Bye, guys.
SAMANTHA:
Travel safe, yeah?
(vehicle departing)
SAMANTHA (laughing):
Aw, look at Jayden. He's still waving.
HARRY:
Aw, he's still waving.
(birds calling)
♪ ♪
HARRY (laughing):
Hey.
-Come on.
-(growling softly)
(growling softly)
HARRY: Around 14 months
is when he starts leaving his mother.
(growls, hisses)
(snarls)
I see the next few months
being a big separation period.
(crying):
I'm gonna miss you, man.
I'm gonna miss you so much.
He's aggressive. He's ferocious.
He's feisty and mean.
Watch out.
Watch out. It's gonna bite ya.
He's eating, hunting, you know,
doing what an ocelot should do.
(growling)
(dog barking in distance)
Cristian, Niery.
Tomorrow I'm going to the United States.
It's possible that I'll be back
in September.
If there's something urgent
just let me know.
Okay, bye!
See you later.
Bye, guys. (blows kiss)
Good luck.
-(insects trilling)
-(birds calling)
HARRY:
For him to become truly wild,
I need to let him be alone.
I need to give him some freedom.
There's an egg for you there.
But that's it.
No more.
Now, don't follow me.
Eat your egg. Don't follow me.
-(insects trilling)
-(fire crackling)
It's the first night he's ever spent
out of his enclosure, full night.
I feel a little bit lonely
knowing that he's gone, for now.
Just the fact that you've had something
in your life for so many months,
and then... it's, you know, relied on you,
and now he's old enough to go.
What if this is the last time
I ever see him?
'Cause there aren't really
any guidelines for this.
We're just having to make it up.
It's just tough knowing that
I'm not his safety net anymore.
♪ ♪
(birds chirping)
(sighs)
He's not here. He's not been back.
(computer chimes)
That's the male we have a problem with,
and he was here last night.
Me.
(indistinct chatter)
Fuck.
Uh, the next camera's just up here.
Oh!
Keanu's here at 7:21 a.m.
Kiki?
7:21.
I know it's him.
I'm gonna walk the stream trail.
Hey, Keanu.
(chuckling):
Hello, mate. Hello, mate.
(laughs)
(Keanu purring)
You've done so good.
(laughing)
Oh, my God.
(laughing):
I fucking love you so much.
(Keanu purring)
(Harry sighs)
Tell me I'm being an idiot.
(laughing):
Oh, dear me.
Uh-uh, not my laptop, not my laptop.
(laughs)
(sniffling)
Not my laptop.
(sighs)
You spent the whole night out, mate.
I'm so proud of you, man.
We got to do it again tonight.
(laughing)
(insects chirping)
Cristian.
SAMANTHA:
You cleaned.
HARRY:
That was a long trip, eh?
-(Samantha yawns)
-HARRY: How you doing?
SAMANTHA:
Did you paint that thing on your lip?
-(laughs)
-It's my mustache.
I'm growing a mustache.
This is fucking like 22 days in the...
in the making.
-Get out of here.
-What?
You painted that.
There's no way you can actually grow that.
-Yeah.
-Oh, my God.
I'm... This is my Movember.
-I'm starting it in... in August.
-Okay. Okay, cool.
This is the first... the video of Keanu
on the camera trap for that...
he was out the whole night.
-Okay.
-So he was there at 7:21,
and then I come
and I check the thing at 8:17.
And then when I walk down that trail,
that's when I find him.
-Gosh.
-Yeah.
I like it. It's okay.
-No, you don't.
-I like it!
SAMANTHA:
Once he stopped keeping Keanu
in the enclosure during the day,
like, that was huge.
I mean, for Keanu to be able
to go in and out
and, like, to be just out
in the jungle is... it seems crazy.
Like, we never got to that point
with Khan. He was almost there.
He was within, like, a week of being that,
but we weren't there.
Right, I'll see you
in, um, 15, 20 minutes.
(insects buzzing)
You-you heard him, right?
I definitely heard him.
He's just looking for Harry, I bet.
Harry?
Kiki, go on.
You can't be here. You know that.
You shouldn't be eating lemongrass.
It's just weird, him being,
like, out of his enclosure.
It's like... now he knows,
like, where Harry lives.
(laughing):
It's... so crazy.
Harry?
(retching)
HARRY:
Last night was bad.
Keanu just kept coming back
to the platform constantly.
(sighs)
Probably why he keeps coming back
to the platform--
to tell me that he's hungry.
I can't... can't be that person
for him anymore, though.
(sniffing)
He needs to know that I'm not that person.
And I don't know how to tell him that.
I don't know how to tell him to...
to move on. (sniffles)
(Keanu growling)
HARRY:
I'll leave you.
This is how I feel.
-This is how I feel.
-(growling)
This is how I feel
when you come to the platform, okay?
(hisses, growls)
Yes, I know.
You are an angry wild animal,
but you need to start acting
like a wild animal.
You need to hunt more.
(growling)
SAMANTHA:
A mother ocelot would be brutal,
like, "You're ready. Goodbye.
I'm gonna go mate,
and I'm gonna have more."
It's a totally different relationship.
Can't compare it.
♪ ♪
(yowls)
Oh.
Oh, dear.
God, how did we not hear him over here?
HARRY: He's just been coming
forwards and backwards,
forwards and backwards from the platform.
He went into the rubbish bag.
He ate a load of plastic.
I-I went out into the jungle
to look for him the other day,
and I found a pile of vomit with just,
like, chewed up plastic bag.
And then he-he takes my towel,
and he bites a fucking hole in it.
Every fucking noise,
I'm just like, "Fuck me, is he back?"
(Harry sighs)
Go on! (hisses)
He is so capable of going off by himself,
but he just won't,
and I don't know what I'm doing wrong.
But it's now or never.
He's at the age
where he needs to be leaving me.
So I need to do everything I can,
whether that be forceful
or whether that be me getting angry
or scaring him.
(grunts in frustration)
(birds calling)
-(Keanu growling softly)
-(groans)
(growling)
(Harry inhales deeply, growls)
Get off of here! Go. Go.
Go!
This is bad.
Do not come up on here.
Keanu! Get away!
Get away!
Get away now!
Away! Away!
Get away! Now!
Away.
SAMANTHA:
He has had these moments of rage.
HARRY:
Basically, you're just telling me that
I am not doing the right things
and I am wrong.
So I am fed up, and I take that gun
'cause I want to kill myself.
But then I think about Jayden,
I think about my mum
and my dad and my sister,
and I think about Keanu more than anyone,
and I think about you
and how that would affect you,
and I think, how selfish am I being?
SAMANTHA: I have to, like, almost think
about it as two different people.
'Cause they really are.
(Harry grunts in frustration)
(Harry screams)
HARRY:
Get off of there!
Get off of there now!
(yells)
Get off.
I'm worried that he can't live by himself.
(sighs) And if he can't live
by himself, then f...
...the past...
the past 16 months, I've just...
just failed.
-SAMANTHA: Please Harry.
-HARRY: I need to do it.
I need to do it.
I need to, Sam.
Leave me alone.
I need to feel that pain, that adrenaline.
I need to feel it.
SAMANTHA:
Harry... Har-Harry!
Please.
That's what I needed.
OPERATOR: You have reached
the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline.
(over phone):
We're here to help.
RESPONDER:
Hi. This is Lifeline.
Hi. Um, my name's Samantha.
I'm calling actually on behalf
of a friend of mine.
What's going on, Samantha?
Yeah, so he...
um, he's always been someone
who self-harms in different ways.
And I think, like, the first sign
for-for me that things were changing was
he switched locations
from cutting on the top of his arm,
and now he's cutting his wrists.
And the way that he's doing it
is a lot more aggressive.
Um, he also talked last week
about hanging himself
and, uh, taking, like,
all the pills that he could find
basically in-in the platform
where he stays.
And he hasn't really... he isn't...
he hasn't talked like that for many years.
So, um...
If he's cutting himself
and talking about killing himself,
he needs somebody to supervise him.
You need to go and talk to him
and lay down some boundaries.
I mean, he's putting you through
some emotional trauma as well
by not getting help.
And that's not fair to you.
Yeah.
I don't know the logistics
behind getting him out of there,
but at the end of the day,
you don't want to support him
continuing this behavior.
You want to support him getting help.
♪ ♪
NIERY:
Right now he has lots of problems,
internal conflicts deep within himself
that he doesn't want to talk about
with anyone.
It's possible that,
if he doesn't agree to leave
in the next few weeks,
I'll have to tell him, as his friend,
but also as the person in charge
of this project,
that he has to leave
because he is not mentally stable.
HARRY:
No, I'm not fucking doing that,
because Keanu is more important
than fucking anything
that I have ever fucking done!
-Fucking stupid.
-(object clatters)
Fucking stupid.
SAMANTHA:
He was basically like, "I don't know why
"you would call that hotline.
"It's not a big deal.
"Maybe it was good for you
and it's what you needed to do,
"but I wish you never would have told me,
because all it's made me
is more upset and angry."
And he doesn't think that...
He knows he has a problem,
but he's not willing to do anything
about it right now.
And that he's not ready to leave
and no one can make him leave.
-(clattering)
-HARRY: I only said one thing.
SAMANTHA: No, you fought about one thing.
You caused a fight over one stupid thing.
(Harry muttering)
-One fucking thing!
-(clattering continues)
SAMANTHA:
Stop ruining shit.
HARRY:
I can ruin whatever the fuck I want.
SAMANTHA:
No, you can't.
You can't ruin whatever the fuck you want.
He is the most important fucking thing
to me right now.
You know, if he fucking dies right now,
if he goes off and I never see him again,
you know how that's going to affect me?
I already lost one.
(crying):
Right?
So did I.
You never fucking saw it.
You only heard it through my voice
and through my tears.
And you don't think that was enough?
I don't think you know
how hard it hurt me.
Everything that I'd ever fucking thought
I'd got back, and I lost it all again.
I lost that huge chunk of me
when I was in the military
and I saw all them dead children.
I saw that fucking poor girl
get slaughtered in front of me.
And I come here, and I miraculously find
something that makes me fucking happy--
you, the jungle,
the two things that make me happy--
and I am lost right now.
I thought... I thought that I had a friend
in the jungle, and I don't.
'Cause you...
...you don't want me here anymore.
You said, if Keanu wasn't here,
I'd have gone
and you'd have got on with your life.
When people treat me like shit
and with disrespect, like you have,
I don't feel like I want to be here
and I don't feel like I'm your friend.
And I haven't felt like you're my friend.
I'm tired of feeling
the way I feel around you.
SAMANTHA:
Yeah, well, that makes two of us.
♪ ♪
HARRY:
Everything I do hurts her.
Everything she does hurts me.
SAMANTHA: I feel like everything
that we have to say to each other
is just to, like, blame or hurt
the other person.
And, like, the things that I have to say
to him at this moment
aren't things that would help,
so I just keep them to myself.
HARRY: We've been on the same road for
a long time, and it's been a bumpy road.
And now I just want to turn left,
and I just want her to turn right.
(purring)
SAMANTHA: With Harry, I just felt like
I was constantly trying to either save him
or save our relationship.
(indistinct chatter, laughter)
And that's not healthy.
-Oh, no! Oh, my God.
-(laughter)
(insects buzzing and trilling)
(rain falling)
(thunder rumbling)
HARRY:
Keanu?
Keanu.
Come on, mate, where are you?
(groans)
It's been two nights now
that he's not been here,
so why the sudden change?
I hope he's okay.
(clears throat) I hope he's okay.
(birds chirping)
Where's he gone?
♪ ♪
Keanu.
Fuck. Fuck.
(groans)
Keanu.
(birds calling)
(sniffles)
Hey, Keanu.
What have you been doing?
(chuckling):
I've not seen you for five days.
(Keanu purring)
This is good, though.
You spent five days away.
Mm.
I'm glad you're okay.
Oh, it was so nice to see him.
(sighs)
(sniffs)
I feel like I've done something good.
(crying)
It's so... it's so stupid that
I'm getting sad about this, but...
Oh, fuck.
(crying)
I feel like I've done something right.
(continues crying)
Oh, fucking man up, cunt.
(sighs)
(exhales sharply)
(sniffles)
(insects trilling)
♪ ♪
HARRY:
All right.
Okay.
It's recording.
I'm gonna miss you, man.
Seriously.
There won't be a minute...
a minute that goes by
where I'm not thinking about you.
(Keanu purring)
But I need to leave.
I need to go.
But maybe I'll see you again.
But if I don't,
then just know that I love you.
(crying):
Because I do, man.
I love you with everything I've got.
(Keanu purring)
(chuckles)
This is lovely.
Thank you.
(sniffles)
(chuckles):
Hey.
Your teeth are too big for that now,
you little shit.
♪ ♪
Goodbye, man.
(sighs)
♪ ♪
(grunts)
(chatter in Spanish)
HARRY:
What time is it?
It's time to fucking go home.
(engine revving)
(cheering)
Fuck.
God, it's fucking cold. (groans)
I'm not used to this fucking cold.
All right, I think that's them.
Yeah, that's them.
See how surprised they get.
Hey, you going to Pizza Hut without me?
-COLETTE: What in the bloody hell?
-(laughter)
What are you fucking doing here?
Oh, my God!
-HARRY: How you doing?
-Guess where we're going.
-Pizza Hut.
-Yeah, without me.
You were gonna go without me.
MARK:
What are you doing here?
Oh, my God.
-HARRY: You all right? How you doing?
-MARK: I thought it was next week.
HARRY:
Yeah, I lied to you. (laughs)
-HARRY: How you doing, mate?
-MAN: Yeah, sorry, Mark.
-Don't you ever do that again!
-(laughter)
(indistinct chatter, laughter)
HARRY:
You all right, mate?
(Mark sobbing)
HARRY:
It's good to see you guys.
(laughter)
Yeah.
You're lucky you didn't lose
your finger, though.
♪ ♪
(sighs heavily)
(bell dings)
JAYDEN and HARRY:
Three, two, one.
(laughter)
(screams, laughs)
-(laughing): Oh!
-Hey.
(lawn mower engine shuts off)
HARRY: But that's why I always
check the edges, you know?
Don't want to kill one.
If you just give like extra 15 minutes,
you might be able to save it.
(birds calling)
SAMANTHA:
It's still there.
I've had a lot of time to reflect.
I definitely realized, you know, like,
I've always been really bad at, like,
letting people go that aren't good for me.
And, like, looking back,
having a dad that was both
verbally and physically abusive,
and then the next morning,
from 8:00 to 12:00,
was the nicest, calmest person
that would reel me back in
by saying, "I'm sorry," and, like,
really show, like, who he truly was
or who I thought he truly was.
You know?
And it's like I replicated that
in my adult life.
It's a bit heavy.
After Harry left in December,
we just, uh, decided
to stop clearing around the house.
Just to let it all grow.
Makes sense, you know,
that the jungle eats it.
Eats the past.
We have cameras set up all along
this trail and in the front of the house
to watch for if Keanu comes back
so we can know if we're not here.
I think there's just, like,
there's so much that's stored
inside a place like this.
And I think, on a personal level,
I just really wanted to have a space
where I could start over.
♪ ♪
Aw, that's a good boy.
(speaking Spanish)
Is it a boy or a girl?
-A girl.
-It's a girl.
My first girl.
Your first girl.
SAMANTHA:
You're doing great.
We named her Kleo, for Cleopatra.
(laughs)
Since she's just this powerful
female force already,
so we thought it was perfect.
HARRY: As it stands, I'm actually
in a very good place mentally,
so I feel like now whenever, you know,
I give my family that last hug,
it's only the last hug for now.
Holy shit, man.
I've never seen anything like this.
It's like I'm in a dream.
♪ ♪
I still have negative thoughts,
and I have bad days.
-WOMAN: Yay!
-MAN: Woo-hoo!
HARRY: But I have a bad day,
and I think, "Harry, you was happy.
You can be happy."
-(indistinct chatter)
-Yay.
Don't rely on me.
Just relax. You can do it.
JAYDEN: I'm already relying on you,
and I feel like I'm going to fall off.
(Harry laughs)
(laughter)
COLETTE:
Oh, lovely.
Yeah, gorgeous.
HARRY: But I definitely think about him
every single day.
(tool buzzing)
I have hope inside of my heart
that he is out there still,
he has mated with a female
and now there's other little Keanus
out there.
I'm proud to have got him to a point
of where he did eventually go off.
♪ ♪
("A Sky Like I've Never Seen" by
Fleet Foxes featuring Tim Bernardes plays)
(vocalizing)
♪ Water-wended and remote ♪
♪ In my crater where I'm hid ♪
♪ I can see a line of smoke
on the other ridge ♪
♪ Though it's a long way ♪
♪ There's an ocean on the line ♪
♪ And an empty-handed dream ♪
♪ There's a sun above a sky
like I've never seen ♪
♪ A sun above a sky like I've never seen ♪
♪ And I need to let the sign given
lead me ♪
♪ This time ♪
♪ Time... ♪
♪ Time ♪
(vocalizing)
♪ And I can you hear you
through the stand ♪
♪ When I founder where I'm led ♪
♪ Locked in memory, I ran,
am I so condemned ♪
♪ To a mind that demands
that the body rends ♪
♪ And am I given evidence
that it might end? ♪
♪ This time ♪
♪ Time... ♪
♪ Time ♪
♪ Days... ♪
♪ Ebb as tides ♪
♪ As I trace... ♪
♪ Some peace ♪
♪ May the maze... ♪
♪ Of my life ♪
♪ Lead me out... ♪
♪ Serene... ♪
(vocalizing)
-(birds calling)
-(insects trilling)
(wildcat purring)